breaks said the event which
we visited
and there was your partner david
really i met him he
awesome guy and then i found out that
you are friends Satan is a scientist and his partner
david fernish in der oper niche we are very
close friends we didn't tell anyone that
we have kids i ran into david
Furnish and in the trip we told him
the secret that we have a few
months there will be children from a surrogate mother
and he turned a little pale and he looked
around to make sure no one
draws attention and said that they have
there will also be a child from a surrogate mother
approximately because before Christmas wow
so we are kinda connected by children and everything
have kept this secret for sure or
elton sang a song about it that night with us
afraid of horned on and motherhood is so
writes his songs yes just like that to discuss
your songs to hear the secret of which
no one ever told to sit at
piano and sings we have a photograph
the four most at the event
Yes, and everything seemed to be not the best
photo of david yes that's such evil yes
look it was uploaded to the internet
and people i know what i'm going to ask
always interested but tailed
ass paw and yes and we squeezed yes sorry and
case yes did you feel what was happening or yes
or you have problems with potency
i have problems get hit and so
I asked my invention does not work
I liked everyone likes good
compression
Yes, I do not know, apparently someone decided to inflate
from this type of story this level is another
ass but if you have your days
kind of have permission for just not asses
it's true if they were couples on
naked and boy either girls ass
it would be terribly offensive
an act yes but for gay people it is average
baseball when players spanked by their grandson
ass
nothing beyond this is normal yes he
just said good play buddy he
just left a jar of my ass
that's all he did he didn't climb
somewhere further or deeper into your
within reason some deeper it
it was disgusting adored I would become
something of an image to good newspaper
stuff definitely see you later school
we will sign autographs